.TH "textwolf::throws_exception" 3 "11 Jun 2011" "textwolf" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
textwolf::throws_exception \- 
.PP
Base class for structures that can throw exceptions for non recoverable errors in the automata definition.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <textwolf.hpp>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelect< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::Array< int >\fP, \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelect< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::Array< Scope >\fP, \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelect< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::Array< Token >\fP, \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelect< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::Array< unsigned int >\fP, \fBtextwolf::ScannerStatemachine\fP, \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelect< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >\fP, \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelect< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::Array< Element >\fP, \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton< CharSet_ >\fP, and \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton< CharSet_ >::PathElement\fP.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBCause\fP { \fBUnknown\fP, \fBDimOutOfRange\fP, \fBStateNumbersNotAscending\fP, \fBInvalidParam\fP, \fBInvalidState\fP, \fBIllegalParam\fP, \fBIllegalAttributeName\fP, \fBOutOfMem\fP, \fBArrayBoundsReadWrite\fP, \fBNotAllowedOperation\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fIEnumeration of error cases. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Base class for structures that can throw exceptions for non recoverable errors in the automata definition. 
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBtextwolf::throws_exception::Cause\fP"
.PP
Enumeration of error cases. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIUnknown \fP\fP
uknown error 
.TP
\fB\fIDimOutOfRange \fP\fP
memory reserved for statically allocated table or memory block is too small. Increase the size of memory block passed to the XML path select automaton. Usage error ! 
.TP
\fB\fIStateNumbersNotAscending \fP\fP
XML scanner automaton definition check failed. Labels of states must be equal to their indices. Internal textwold error ! 
.TP
\fB\fIInvalidParam \fP\fP
parameter check in automaton definition failed. Internal textwold error ! 
.TP
\fB\fIInvalidState \fP\fP
invalied state definition in automaton. Internal textwold error ! 
.TP
\fB\fIIllegalParam \fP\fP
parameter check in automaton definition failed. Internal textwold error ! 
.TP
\fB\fIIllegalAttributeName \fP\fP
invalid string for a tag or attribute in the automaton definition. Usage error ! 
.TP
\fB\fIOutOfMem \fP\fP
out of memory in the automaton definition. System error (std::bad_alloc) ! 
.TP
\fB\fIArrayBoundsReadWrite \fP\fP
invalid array access. Internal textwold error ! 
.TP
\fB\fINotAllowedOperation \fP\fP
defining an operation in an automaton definition that is not allowed there. Usage error ! 


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for textwolf from the source code.
