.TH "textwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton::Mask" 3 "11 Jun 2011" "textwolf" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
textwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton::Mask \- 
.PP
\fBMask\fP to query for element types, if they match or not.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <textwolf.hpp>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBempty\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fITells if mask does not select anything anymore. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMask\fP (unsigned short p_pos=0, unsigned short p_neg=0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor by values. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMask\fP (const \fBMask\fP &orig)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMask\fP (\fBOperation\fP op)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor by operation type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReset operation (deactivate). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreject\fP (\fBXMLScannerBase::ElementType\fP e)"
.br
.RI "\fIDeactivate operation for a certain element type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmatch\fP (\fBXMLScannerBase::ElementType\fP e)"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare an operation to match on an element type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBseekop\fP (\fBOperation\fP op)"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare an operation as seek operation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBjoin\fP (const \fBMask\fP &mask)"
.br
.RI "\fIJoin two mask definitions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBmatches\fP (\fBXMLScannerBase::ElementType\fP e) const "
.br
.RI "\fICheck if an element type matches the mask. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBrejects\fP (\fBXMLScannerBase::ElementType\fP e) const "
.br
.RI "\fICheck if an element type should reset a mask. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned short \fBpos\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIpositively selected elements bitmask \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned short \fBneg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInegatively selected elements bitmask that determines when a search pattern is given up copletely \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class CharSet_ = charset::UTF8> class textwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton< CharSet_ >::Mask"
\fBMask\fP to query for element types, if they match or not. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Mask::Mask (unsigned short p_pos = \fC0\fP, unsigned short p_neg = \fC0\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor by values. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp_pos\fP positively selected elements bitmask 
.br
\fIp_neg\fP negatively selected elements bitmask that determines when a search pattern is given up copletely 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Mask::Mask (const \fBMask\fP & orig)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Copy constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIorig\fP mask to copy 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Mask::Mask (\fBOperation\fP op)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor by operation type. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> bool \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Mask::empty () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Tells if mask does not select anything anymore. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if it is not active anymore 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> void \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Mask::join (const \fBMask\fP & mask)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Join two mask definitions. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImask\fP definition of mask to join this with 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> void \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Mask::match (\fBXMLScannerBase::ElementType\fP e)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Declare an operation to match on an element type. 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> bool \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Mask::matches (\fBXMLScannerBase::ElementType\fP e) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Check if an element type matches the mask. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP element type to check 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> void \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Mask::reject (\fBXMLScannerBase::ElementType\fP e)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Deactivate operation for a certain element type. 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> bool \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Mask::rejects (\fBXMLScannerBase::ElementType\fP e) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Check if an element type should reset a mask. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIe\fP element type to check 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> void \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Mask::reset ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Reset operation (deactivate). 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> void \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Mask::seekop (\fBOperation\fP op)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Declare an operation as seek operation. 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> unsigned short \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::\fBMask::neg\fP"
.PP
negatively selected elements bitmask that determines when a search pattern is given up copletely 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> unsigned short \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::\fBMask::pos\fP"
.PP
positively selected elements bitmask 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for textwolf from the source code.
