.TH "textwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton::Token" 3 "11 Jun 2011" "textwolf" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
textwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton::Token \- 
.PP
Active or passive but still valid token of the XML processing (this is a trigger waiting to match).  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <textwolf.hpp>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBToken\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBToken\fP (const \fBToken\fP &orig)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBToken\fP (const \fBState\fP &state, int p_stateidx)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor by value. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCore\fP \fBcore\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIcore of the state \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstateidx\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIindex into the automaton, poiting to the state \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class CharSet_ = charset::UTF8> class textwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton< CharSet_ >::Token"
Active or passive but still valid token of the XML processing (this is a trigger waiting to match). 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Token::Token ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Token::Token (const \fBToken\fP & orig)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Copy constructor. 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::Token::Token (const \fBState\fP & state, int p_stateidx)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor by value. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstate\fP state that generated this token 
.br
\fIp_stateidx\fP index of the state that generated this token 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> \fBCore\fP \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::\fBToken::core\fP"
.PP
core of the state 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> int \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::\fBToken::stateidx\fP"
.PP
index into the automaton, poiting to the state 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for textwolf from the source code.
