.TH "textwolf::exception" 3 "11 Jun 2011" "textwolf" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
textwolf::exception \- 
.PP
textwolf exception class  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <textwolf.hpp>\fP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBthrows_exception::Cause\fP \fBCause\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBexception\fP \fBCause\fP p_cause \fBthrow\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBexception\fP const \fBexception\fP &orig \fBthrow\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~exception\fP ()  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBexception\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBexception\fP &orig)  throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignement. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const char * \fBwhat\fP () const   throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIException message. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCause\fP \fBcause\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIexception cause tag \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
textwolf exception class 

\fBRemarks:\fP
.RS 4
textwolf is after the initialization phase of the automata exception free. Classes throwing exception in the initilazation phase are derived from 'textwolfthrows_exception' 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef \fBthrows_exception::Cause\fP \fBtextwolf::exception::Cause\fP"
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual textwolf::exception::~exception ()  throw ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBexception\fP& textwolf::exception::operator= (const \fBexception\fP & orig)  throw ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Assignement. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIorig\fP exception to copy 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
*this 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBexception\fP const \fBexception\fP& orig textwolf::exception::throw ()\fC [inline, final]\fP"
.PP
Copy constructor. 
.SS "\fBexception\fP \fBCause\fP p_cause textwolf::exception::throw ()\fC [inline, final]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
exception object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual const char* textwolf::exception::what () const  throw ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Exception message. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
exception cause as string 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBCause\fP \fBtextwolf::exception::cause\fP"
.PP
exception cause tag 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for textwolf from the source code.
