.TH "textwolf::TextScanner" 3 "11 Jun 2011" "textwolf" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
textwolf::TextScanner \- 
.PP
Reader for scanning the input character by character.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <textwolf.hpp>\fP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBControlCharMap\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMap of ASCII characters to control character identifiers used in the XML scanner automaton. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTextScanner\fP (const Iterator &p_iterator)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTextScanner\fP (const \fBTextScanner\fP &orig)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUChar\fP \fBchr\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the unicode character of the current character. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetcur\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIFill the internal buffer with as many current character bytes needed for reading the ASCII representation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBControlCharacter\fP \fBcontrol\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the control character representation of the current character. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBascii\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the ASCII character representation of the current character. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTextScanner\fP & \fBskip\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fISkip to the next character of the source. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTextScanner\fP & \fBoperator++\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPreincrement: Skip to the next character of the source. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTextScanner\fP \fBoperator++\fP (int)"
.br
.RI "\fIPostincrement: Skip to the next character of the source. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Iterator \fBinput\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIsource iterator \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBbuf\fP [8]"
.br
.RI "\fIbuffer for one character (the current character parsed) \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUChar\fP \fBval\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUnicode character representation of the current character parsed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBcur\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIASCII character representation of the current character parsed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBstate\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIcurrent state of the text scanner \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> class textwolf::TextScanner< Iterator, CharSet >"
Reader for scanning the input character by character. 

\fBTemplate Parameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIIterator\fP source iterator type (implements preincrement and '*' input byte access indirection) 
.br
\fICharSet\fP character set of the source stream 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::\fBTextScanner\fP (const Iterator & p_iterator)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp_iterator\fP source iterator 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::\fBTextScanner\fP (const \fBTextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet > & orig)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Copy constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIorig\fP textscanner to copy 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> char \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::ascii ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the ASCII character representation of the current character. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the ASCII character 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> \fBUChar\fP \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::chr ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the unicode character of the current character. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the unicode character 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> \fBControlCharacter\fP \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::control ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the control character representation of the current character. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the control character 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> void \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::getcur ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Fill the internal buffer with as many current character bytes needed for reading the ASCII representation. 
.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> \fBTextScanner\fP \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::operator++ (int)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Postincrement: Skip to the next character of the source. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
*this 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> \fBTextScanner\fP& \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::operator++ ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Preincrement: Skip to the next character of the source. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
*this 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> \fBTextScanner\fP& \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::skip ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Skip to the next character of the source. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
*this 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> char \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::\fBbuf\fP[8]\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
buffer for one character (the current character parsed) 
.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> char \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::\fBcur\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
ASCII character representation of the current character parsed. 
.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> Iterator \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::\fBinput\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
source iterator 
.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> unsigned int \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::\fBstate\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
current state of the text scanner 
.SS "template<class Iterator, class CharSet> \fBUChar\fP \fBtextwolf::TextScanner\fP< Iterator, CharSet >::\fBval\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Unicode character representation of the current character parsed. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for textwolf from the source code.
