.TH "textwolf::XMLScanner::iterator::Element" 3 "11 Jun 2011" "textwolf" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
textwolf::XMLScanner::iterator::Element \- 
.PP
Iterator element visited.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <textwolf.hpp>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBname\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIType of the current element as string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBElementType\fP \fBtype\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIType of the current element. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBcontent\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIValue of the current element. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsize_type\fP \fBsize\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fISize of the value of the current element in bytes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBElement\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBElement\fP (const \fBEnd\fP &)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBElement\fP (const \fBElement\fP &orig)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBElementType\fP \fBm_type\fP"
.br
.RI "\fItype of the element \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBm_content\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIvalue string of the element \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsize_type\fP \fBm_size\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIsize of the value string in bytes \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBiterator\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class InputIterator, class InputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class OutputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class EntityMap_ = std::map<const char*,UChar>> class textwolf::XMLScanner< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::iterator::Element"
Iterator element visited. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class InputIterator, class InputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class OutputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class EntityMap_ = std::map<const char*,UChar>> \fBtextwolf::XMLScanner\fP< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::iterator::Element::Element ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.SS "template<class InputIterator, class InputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class OutputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class EntityMap_ = std::map<const char*,UChar>> \fBtextwolf::XMLScanner\fP< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::iterator::Element::Element (const \fBEnd\fP &)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.SS "template<class InputIterator, class InputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class OutputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class EntityMap_ = std::map<const char*,UChar>> \fBtextwolf::XMLScanner\fP< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::iterator::Element::Element (const \fBElement\fP & orig)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Copy constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIorig\fP element to copy 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class InputIterator, class InputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class OutputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class EntityMap_ = std::map<const char*,UChar>> const char* \fBtextwolf::XMLScanner\fP< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::iterator::Element::content () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Value of the current element. 
.SS "template<class InputIterator, class InputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class OutputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class EntityMap_ = std::map<const char*,UChar>> const char* \fBtextwolf::XMLScanner\fP< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::iterator::Element::name () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Type of the current element as string. 
.SS "template<class InputIterator, class InputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class OutputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class EntityMap_ = std::map<const char*,UChar>> \fBsize_type\fP \fBtextwolf::XMLScanner\fP< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::iterator::Element::size () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Size of the value of the current element in bytes. 
.SS "template<class InputIterator, class InputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class OutputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class EntityMap_ = std::map<const char*,UChar>> \fBElementType\fP \fBtextwolf::XMLScanner\fP< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::iterator::Element::type () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Type of the current element. 
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class InputIterator, class InputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class OutputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class EntityMap_ = std::map<const char*,UChar>> friend class \fBiterator\fP\fC [friend]\fP"
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class InputIterator, class InputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class OutputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class EntityMap_ = std::map<const char*,UChar>> char* \fBtextwolf::XMLScanner\fP< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::\fBiterator::Element::m_content\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
value string of the element 
.SS "template<class InputIterator, class InputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class OutputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class EntityMap_ = std::map<const char*,UChar>> \fBsize_type\fP \fBtextwolf::XMLScanner\fP< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::\fBiterator::Element::m_size\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
size of the value string in bytes 
.SS "template<class InputIterator, class InputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class OutputCharSet_ = charset::UTF8, class EntityMap_ = std::map<const char*,UChar>> \fBElementType\fP \fBtextwolf::XMLScanner\fP< InputIterator, InputCharSet_, OutputCharSet_, EntityMap_ >::\fBiterator::Element::m_type\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
type of the element 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for textwolf from the source code.
