.TH "Character Set Encodings" 3 "14 Aug 2011" "textwolf" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Character Set Encodings \- 
.PP
Character set encodings and character parsing tables.  

.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBtextwolf::CharMap< RESTYPE, nullvalue_, RANGE >\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICharacter map for fast typing of a character byte. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBtextwolf::ControlCharacterM\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMap of the enumeration of control characters to their names for debug messages. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Namespaces"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBcharset\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIPredefined character set encodings. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "namespace \fBtextwolf::charset\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBtextwolf::ControlCharacter\fP { \fBtextwolf::Undef\fP = 0, \fBtextwolf::EndOfText\fP, \fBtextwolf::EndOfLine\fP, \fBtextwolf::Cntrl\fP, \fBtextwolf::Space\fP, \fBtextwolf::Amp\fP, \fBtextwolf::Lt\fP, \fBtextwolf::Equal\fP, \fBtextwolf::Gt\fP, \fBtextwolf::Slash\fP, \fBtextwolf::Exclam\fP, \fBtextwolf::Questm\fP, \fBtextwolf::Sq\fP, \fBtextwolf::Dq\fP, \fBtextwolf::Osb\fP, \fBtextwolf::Csb\fP, \fBtextwolf::Any\fP, \fBtextwolf::NofControlCharacter\fP = 17 }"
.br
.RI "\fIEnumeration of control characters needed as events for XML scanner statemachine. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Character set encodings and character parsing tables. 
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBtextwolf::ControlCharacter\fP"
.PP
Enumeration of control characters needed as events for XML scanner statemachine. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIUndef \fP\fP
not defined (beyond ascii) 
.TP
\fB\fIEndOfText \fP\fP
end of data (EOF,EOD,.) 
.TP
\fB\fIEndOfLine \fP\fP
end of line 
.TP
\fB\fICntrl \fP\fP
control character 
.TP
\fB\fISpace \fP\fP
space, tab, etc.. 
.TP
\fB\fIAmp \fP\fP
ampersant ('&') 
.TP
\fB\fILt \fP\fP
lesser than '<' 
.TP
\fB\fIEqual \fP\fP
equal '=' 
.TP
\fB\fIGt \fP\fP
greater than '>' 
.TP
\fB\fISlash \fP\fP
slash '/' 
.TP
\fB\fIExclam \fP\fP
exclamation mark '!' 
.TP
\fB\fIQuestm \fP\fP
question mark '?' 
.TP
\fB\fISq \fP\fP
single quote 
.TP
\fB\fIDq \fP\fP
double quote 
.TP
\fB\fIOsb \fP\fP
open square bracket '[' 
.TP
\fB\fICsb \fP\fP
close square bracket ']' 
.TP
\fB\fIAny \fP\fP
any ascii character with meaning 
.TP
\fB\fINofControlCharacter \fP\fP
total number of control characters 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for textwolf from the source code.
