.TH "textwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton::PathElement::Range" 3 "14 Aug 2011" "textwolf" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
textwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton::PathElement::Range \- 
.PP
Element counting range defining what are indices of valid elements.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRange\fP (const \fBRange\fP &o)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRange\fP (int p_start, int p_end)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor by value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRange\fP (int count)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor by value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRange\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstart\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIindex of starting element starting with 0 \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBend\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIindex of upper boundary element (not belonging to range anymore). -1 if undefined (unlimited) \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class CharSet_ = charset::UTF8> class textwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton< CharSet_ >::PathElement::Range"
Element counting range defining what are indices of valid elements. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::PathElement::Range::Range (const \fBRange\fP & o)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Copy constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIo\fP range element to copy 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::PathElement::Range::Range (int p_start, int p_end)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor by value. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp_start\fP index of starting element 
.br
\fIp_end\fP index of upper boundary element (not belonging to range anymore). -1 if undefined (unlimited) 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::PathElement::Range::Range (int count)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor by value. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcount\fP number of elements starting with the first one (with index 0) 
.RE
.PP

.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::PathElement::Range::Range ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> int \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::\fBPathElement::Range::end\fP"
.PP
index of upper boundary element (not belonging to range anymore). -1 if undefined (unlimited) 
.SS "template<class CharSet_  = charset::UTF8> int \fBtextwolf::XMLPathSelectAutomaton\fP< CharSet_ >::\fBPathElement::Range::start\fP"
.PP
index of starting element starting with 0 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for textwolf from the source code.
